+ now
- later
-- way later
/ partial fix
? needs investigation 
* fixed

###
# BUGS
###

# needs investigation

https://duckduckgo.com/?q=shave%20magazine&kp=-1
http://nyroo.com/l/C2nD4n
OR not workin - Some examples of queries with the OR operator: fab OR fabric command line ; "Passiflora incarnata" OR maypop care OR growing; hendrick's vs OR versus OR comparison OR compared plymouth gin; starcraft 2 OR ii
igoogle gadget
text/plain of privacy policy
rapgenius
add email form to spread page
Searching for IRS forms is usually really good (I especially like the !IRS), but for some reason the above search is useless. The first result only brings you to the irs.gov instead of http://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/ like most other form searches.
http://t.co/K37TBFy
ascii table scollbar
fix ip
* o shortcut when new window is on
, search
. search
cacti bad 0-click
get to spelling with k when no results
http://duckduckgo.com/lite/ - weird python docs in 0-click
I tried the Simpsons page. On my iPad I can't stretch the page with multiple-touch nor can I copy a phrase of text.  Since the result for a character including image and text appears to be an image map, trying to copy a two word phrase out of a character description is not possible.
some people on chrome still seeing more links
Josh Triplett - no official
cut down to 5 meanings
I don't even think its the number of meanings, i think its the spacing above each meaning, its a bit greater than the below spacing (if you hover over a meaning you can see that green box is off centered). If you had the above spacing the same size as the below, it would make everything a bit smaller (though more compact).  By the way I am using a resolution of 1280 by 800.
No amazon: http://duckduckgo.com/?q=google
block http://capebretonfiddle.com/
change google images default
+ no content type $ wget -nv -S 'http://duckduckgo.com/?q=!w+United+States+Army'\''s+Special+Forces'
+ ban .findtarget.com/search/HTSQL/
+ 420787589101150134711522768956 usps after 8 digits
+ Startpage look into
wikihow
seatgeek


# unsorted

- http://duckduckgo.com/?q=Node.js - need to force to not be static


# Amazon


# spelling

- http://duckduckgo.com/?q=par+aivon - add in wktionary # of edits into db
/ http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lisa_Scaffidi - name
? hornetmq - why not hornetq suggestion?
+ google inishgt
searching for: rozklad pkp
gives : Did you mean rozklad pkp? (suggests gramatic error l -> l )
- searching for: gramatycznie (eng. gramatically) gives: Did you mean grama tyc nie? (eng. gram(as in weight measure) get fat no - ordering of words sounds simmilary awful both in polish and english)


# sourceforge

- http://duckduckgo.com/?q=onepassword - bad sourceforge - 2yr and greater on next update


# Goodies
- javascript char codes


# Wikipedia

/ http://duckduckgo.com/?q=Google - googly bad image - should bve fixed after next wikipedia processing
/ bears no redirect to bear? - not in plural disambig
+ q=list%20of%20house%20episodes
-- weird related topic: http://duckduckgo.com/?q=dmca


# Official site


# Sysadmin

- kill sd_agent on aws - NEXT TIME WE DO AWS


# Lyrics

/ http://duckduckgo.com/?q=until+lyrics & http://duckduckgo.com/?q=sting+until+lyrics
- ?q=faith+no+more+angel+dust

# UI

+ piratebay gets cursor blinking faster
+ goodies talk about logo
--  If you leave your cursor blinking on the search line with nothing typed for X amount of time, it starts displaying trending topics being search by other people, the user could then just hit enter...I know you dont track people so I dont know how feasible this is... It would be cool though.
+ epiphany: type this into the console (alt+F2) gconftool-2 -s /apps/epiphany/general/url_search "https://duckduckgo.com/?q=%s" -t string
-- 1-5 keyboard shortcuts
-- 5 tabs all at once


# karma widget

- karma https


# url rewriting

+ I like it, very nice. One thing, search for postgres python triggers and you get header saying version 8.1, but click through and you get 9.02. Maybe a (current) link next to the URL would save confusing people. Especially as if you add "8.1" to the search you still get the current version.


# Github
- Main Riak project: https://github.com/basho/riak/ (262 watchers, 23 forks) Ruby adapter: https://github.com/botanicus/riak (3 watchers, 1 fork).


# WA



# Weather


# Safe search
turkey breast
breasted suit
sex ed
hardcore safesearch



###
# BANGS
###

+would it be possible to get an !ixquick (www.ixquick.com) bang provider? if so, it'd also be nice to have !iximages and !ixvideos to just search for images or videos.
+!zoho   Zoho    https://search.zoho.com/searchresult?query={{{s}}}&search_type=all&index_key=-1&embed=false
+!xda or !xdaf   XDA-Developers Forum    http://www.google.com/cse?q={{{s}}}&sa=Search&cx=partner-pub-2900107662879704%3Afs7umqefhnf&ie=ISO-8859-1
+!mendeley       Mendeley        http://www.mendeley.com/research-papers/search/?query={{{s}}}
+!citeul CikeULike       http://www.citeulike.org/search/all?q={{{s}}}
+!bang for hypem.com 
+!allmovie
+!bitsnoop       BitSnoop        http://bitsnoop.com/search/all/{{{s}}}/c/d/1/
+!netflix        Netflix http://www.netflix.com/Search?v1={{{s}}}
+!startrek       Memory Alpha    http://memory-alpha.org/index.php?search={{{s}}}
+!boardgamegeek  BoardGameGeek   http://boardgamegeek.com/geeksearch.php?action=search&objecttype=boardgame&q={{{s}}}
+!bgg    BoardGameGeek   http://boardgamegeek.com/geeksearch.php?action=search&objecttype=boardgame&q={{{s}}}
+!memoryalpha    Memory Alpha    http://memory-alpha.org/index.php?search={{{s}}}
+!d20, !d20srd, and !d&d would be obvious bangs.
+!diigo  Diigo   http://www.diigo.com/search/my?q={{{s}}}
+!grave  Find A Grave    http://www.findagrave.com/php/famous.php?globalSearchCriteria={{{s}}}
+!flickpeek      Flickpeek       http://www.flickpeek.com/search/{{{s}}}
+!charitynavigator (or !charity) Charity Navigator       http://www.charitynavigator.org/index.cfm?bay=search.results&keyword_list={{{s}}}
+!pinvoke        PInvoke.net     http://pinvoke.net/search.aspx?search={{{s}}}
+Helpful !bang keywords might be "!recycle" or "!earth911". http://search.earth911.com/?what={{{s}}}
+!hulu   Hulu    http://www.hulu.com/search?query={{{s}}}
+!tivo   TiVo    http://www3.tivo.com/tivo-tco/search.do?dispatch=simplesearch&searchFor={{{s}}}
+!dfman  DragonFly BSD manual pages      http://leaf.dragonflybsd.org/cgi/web-man?command={{{s}}} &section=ANY
+!nbsdman        NetBSD manual pages     http://netbsd.gw.com/cgi-bin/man-cgi?{{{s}}}
+!mercadolivre    Mercado Livre   http://lista.mercadolivre.com.br/{{{s}}}
+mapquest, ovi maps, yahoo maps
+!captaincrawl   CaptainCrawl    http://www.captaincrawl.com/index.php?TIP={{{s}}}
+!dcc    dict.cc http://www.dict.cc/?s={{{s}}}
+!dictcc dict.cc http://www.dict.cc/?s={{{s}}}
+!otran  Open-Tran.eu    http://open-tran.eu/suggest/{{{s}}}
+@duckduckgo how about a coordinates bang? So that I can e.g. quickly find 38.889, -94.703 on osm?
+!nametoolkit    NameToolkit     http://nametoolkit.com/suggest?q={{{s}}}
+!http://www.novoseek.com/Welcome.action
+!vandale        vandale http://www.vandale.nl/vandale/zoekService.do?selectedDictionary=nn&selectedDictionaryName=Nederlands&searchQuery={{{s}}}
-localize gn, gi & gv
-pubmed
+switch !define to http://gmodcentral.com/dictionary/

###
# FEATURES
###

# Improve results

dishwasher review


# No results

Been using duck duck go for a couple of weeks now, one thing which I think would be useful is if someone enters a full URL into the results and nothing comes up, prompt them to use the !cache bang syntax. Obviously I can remember to type this before I paste in the URL, but I often forget.


# 0-click

+ calendar 
+ seatgeek
/ temperature chicago
+ symbol !bang
+ http://www.ensenda.com/content/track-shipment?trackingNumber=G2E##########&TRACKING_SEND=GO
- Would like to see TLD searches work in zero-click.  Type "il" and it shows Isreal, for example.  Thanks Gabriel!
- A potentially useful addition would be to recognise the codes from various ISO standards – ISO 639 and ISO 639-3, ISO 4217, ISO 3166 and ISO 3166-2, ISO 15924 – as found in the Debian ‘iso-codes’ data package
-- no similar characters


# UI

? @duckduckgo Suggestion x-webkit-speech attr on srch box;listen for webkitspeechchange;style ::-webkit-input-speech-button http://j.mp/g5aW1X


# Settings

- (A gear for settings, candy for goodies, and butter knife for spread? :D)


# Keyboard
-  I've currently set all links to open in a new window. However, I want (at times; mostly for 0-click links) things to open in the same window. Is is it possible to provide an override? So something like if Alt is pressed, then negate the user's preference?




###
# KNOWN BUGS
###

http://duckduckgo.com/Lowe's & refresh, hangs Chrome; seems like a Chromium bug since it works in other browsers and never hits nginx



###
# INVESTIGATE TO IMPROVE
###

from http://www.marco.org/2617546197
Address bar: Where is this specific page that I know exists but I don’t know its URL? Examples:
usps hold mail form
google closure compiler
Reference: What is the answer to this specific, unambiguous question? Examples:
2010 ira contribution limit
hotmail iPhone setup
Guide: Where is some good information on a specific topic? Examples:
electrical outlet wiring
glass kettle safe on gas stove
Product research: What are some opinions, recommendations, reviews, or even general information for a certain kind of product or need, even a specific one?
large sensor compact camera
garage door opener review

diy solar homes
westchester duct cleaning